---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Application Management"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_application_epg"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_application_epg"
description: |-
  Data source for Application EPG
---

# aci_application_epg #

Data source for Application EPG

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvAEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAEPg/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Application Profiles -> Application EPGs`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_application_epg" "example_application_profile" {
  parent_dn = aci_application_profile.example.id
  name      = "test_name"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_application_profile](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/application_profile) ([fvAp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAp/overview))
* `name` (name) - (string) The name of the Application EPG object.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Application EPG object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Application EPG object.
* `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Application EPG object.
* `exception_tag` (exceptionTag) - (string) Contract Exception Tag.
* `flood_on_encap` (floodOnEncap) - (string) Control at EPG level if the traffic L2 Multicast/Broadcast and Link Local Layer should be flooded only on ENCAP or based on bridg-domain settings.
* `forwarding_control` (fwdCtrl) - (string) Forwarding Control.
* `has_multicast_source` (hasMcastSource) - (string) EPg with Multisite Mcast Source.
* `useg_epg` (isAttrBasedEPg) - (string) Attribute Based EPG.
* `match_criteria` (matchT) - (string) The provider label match criteria.
* `name_alias` (nameAlias) - (string) The name alias of the Application EPG object.
* `intra_epg_isolation` (pcEnfPref) - (string) Represents parameter used by the node (i.e. Leaf) to enforce filter rules in this EPG.
* `pc_tag` (pcTag) - (string) The classification tag used for policy enforcement and zoning.
* `preferred_group_member` (prefGrMemb) - (string) Represents parameter used to determine if EPg is part of a group that does not a contract for communication.
* `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
* `admin_state` (shutdown) - (string) Withdraw AEPg Configuration from all Nodes in the Fabric.

* `relation_to_application_epg_monitoring_policy` - (list) A list of Relation To Application EPG Monitoring Policy (ACI object [fvRsAEPgMonPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsAEPgMonPol/overview)) pointing to Monitoring Policy (ACI Object [monEPGPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/monEPGPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Application EPG Monitoring Policy object.
  * `monitoring_policy_name` (tnMonEPGPolName) - (string) The name of the monitoring policy.

* `relation_to_bridge_domain` - (list) A list of Relation To Bridge Domain (ACI object [fvRsBd](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsBd/overview)) pointing to Bridge Domain (ACI Object [fvBD](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvBD/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Bridge Domain object.
  * `bridge_domain_name` (tnFvBDName) - (string) The name of the bridge domain associated with this EPG.

* `relation_to_consumed_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Consumed Contracts (ACI object [fvRsCons](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsCons/overview)) pointing to Contract (ACI Object [vzBrCP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzBrCP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Consumed Contract object.
  * `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
  * `contract_name` (tnVzBrCPName) - (string) The consumer contract name.

* `relation_to_imported_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Imported Contracts (ACI object [fvRsConsIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsConsIf/overview)) pointing to Imported Contract (ACI Object [vzCPIf](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzCPIf/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Imported Contract object.
  * `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
  * `imported_contract_name` (tnVzCPIfName) - (string) The contract interface name.

* `relation_to_custom_qos_policy` - (list) A list of Relation To Custom Qos Policy (ACI object [fvRsCustQosPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsCustQosPol/overview)) pointing to Custom Qos Policy (ACI Object [qosCustomPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosCustomPol/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Custom Qos Policy object.
  * `custom_qos_policy_name` (tnQosCustomPolName) - (string) The Custom QoS traffic policy name.

* `relation_to_domains` - (list) A list of Relation To Domains (ACI object [fvRsDomAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsDomAtt/overview)) pointing to  (ACI Object [infraDomP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/infraDomP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Domain object.
  * `binding_type` (bindingType) - (string) Binding type for ports.
  * `class_preference` (classPref) - (string) classPref.
  * `custom_epg_name` (customEpgName) - (string) User-configured port-group display name.
  * `delimiter` (delimiter) - (string) delimiter.
  * `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The port encapsulation.
  * `encapsulation_mode` (encapMode) - (string) encapMode.
  * `epg_cos` (epgCos) - (string) Represents Epg Cos for AVS.
  * `epg_cos_pref` (epgCosPref) - (string) Represents parameter used to enable/disable Epg Cos Policy.
  * `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) Once policies are downloaded to the leaf software, deployment immediacy can specify when the policy is pushed into the hardware policy CAM.
  * `ipam_dhcp_override` (ipamDhcpOverride) - (string) ipamDhcpOverride.
  * `ipam_enabled` (ipamEnabled) - (string) ipamEnabled.
  * `ipam_gateway` (ipamGateway) - (string) ipamGateway.
  * `lag_policy_name` (lagPolicyName) - (string) LAG Policy Name.
  * `netflow_direction` (netflowDir) - (string) Represents NetFlow monitoring direction.
  * `enable_netflow` (netflowPref) - (string) Represents parameter used to enable/disable Netflow Policy.
  * `number_of_ports` (numPorts) - (string) Number of ports for binding type.
  * `port_allocation` (portAllocation) - (string) Port allocation for ports.
  * `primary_encapsulation` (primaryEncap) - (string) Represents the primary encap when the EPG is isolated.
  * `primary_encapsulation_inner` (primaryEncapInner) - (string) primaryEncapInner.
  * `resolution_immediacy` (resImedcy) - (string) Specifies if policies are to be resolved immmediately or when needed.
  * `secondary_encapsulation_inner` (secondaryEncapInner) - (string) secondaryEncapInner.
  * `switching_mode` (switchingMode) - (string) switchingMode.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The name of the Physical Domain Profile.
  * `untagged` (untagged) - (string) untagged.
  * `vnet_only` (vnetOnly) - (string) vnetOnly.

* `relation_to_data_plane_policing_policy` - (list) A list of Relation To Data Plane Policing Policy (ACI object [fvRsDppPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsDppPol/overview)) pointing to Data Plane Policing Policy (ACI Object [qosDppPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/qosDppPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Data Plane Policing Policy object.
  * `data_plane_policing_policy_name` (tnQosDppPolName) - (string) Name.

* `relation_to_fibre_channel_paths` - (list) A list of Relation To Fibre Channel Paths (ACI object [fvRsFcPathAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsFcPathAtt/overview)) pointing to  (ACI Object [fabricPathEp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricPathEp/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.0(1m) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Fibre Channel Path object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Relation To Fibre Channel Path object.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target.
  * `vsan` (vsan) - (string) port vsan.
  * `vsan_mode` (vsanMode) - (string) vsanMode.

* `relation_to_intra_epg_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Intra EPG Contracts (ACI object [fvRsIntraEpg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsIntraEpg/overview)) pointing to Contract (ACI Object [vzBrCP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzBrCP/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Intra EPG Contract object.
  * `contract_name` (tnVzBrCPName) - (string) The contract name.

* `relation_to_static_leafs` - (list) A list of Relation To Static Leafs (ACI object [fvRsNodeAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsNodeAtt/overview)) pointing to  (ACI Object [fabricNode](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricNode/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Static Leaf object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Relation To Static Leaf object.
  * `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The encapsulation method (VLAN) for the static binding.
  * `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) null.
  * `mode` (mode) - (string) The mode of the static association with the path.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target of this static binding.

* `relation_to_static_paths` - (list) A list of Relation To Static Paths (ACI object [fvRsPathAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsPathAtt/overview)) pointing to  (ACI Object [fabricPathEp](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fabricPathEp/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Static Path object.
  * `description` (descr) - (string) The description of the Relation To Static Path object.
  * `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The encapsulation method (VLAN) of the path.
  * `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) The deployment immediacy preference of this path association.
  * `mode` (mode) - (string) The mode of the static association with the path.
  * `primary_encapsulation` (primaryEncap) - (string) Represents the primary encap when the EPG is isolated.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) null.

* `relation_to_taboo_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Taboo Contracts (ACI object [fvRsProtBy](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsProtBy/overview)) pointing to Taboo Contract (ACI Object [vzTaboo](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzTaboo/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Taboo Contract object.
  * `taboo_contract_name` (tnVzTabooName) - (string) A contract for denying specific classes of traffic. Taboo rules are applied in the hardware before applying the rules of regular contracts. Without a contract, the default forwarding policy is to not allow any communication between EPGs.

* `relation_to_provided_contracts` - (list) A list of Relation To Provided Contracts (ACI object [fvRsProv](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsProv/overview)) pointing to Contract (ACI Object [vzBrCP](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/vzBrCP/overview)).
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Provided Contract object.
  * `match_criteria` (matchT) - (string) The provider label match criteria.
  * `priority` (prio) - (string) The Quality of Service (QoS) priority class ID. QoS refers to the capability of a network to provide better service to selected network traffic over various technologies. The primary goal of QoS is to provide priority including dedicated bandwidth, controlled jitter and latency (required by some real-time and interactive traffic), and improved loss characteristics. You can configure the bandwidth of each QoS level using QoS profiles.
  * `contract_name` (tnVzBrCPName) - (string) The provider contract name.

* `relation_to_contract_masters` - (list) A list of Relation To Contract Masters (ACI object [fvRsSecInherited](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsSecInherited/overview)) pointing to Application EPG (ACI Object [fvAEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAEPg/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 2.3(1e) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Contract Master object.
  * `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The distinguished name of the target.

* `relation_to_trust_control_policy` - (list) A list of Relation To Trust Control Policy (ACI object [fvRsTrustCtrl](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsTrustCtrl/overview)) pointing to Trust Control Policy (ACI Object [fhsTrustCtrlPol](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fhsTrustCtrlPol/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.0(1k) and later.
  * `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Trust Control Policy object.
  * `trust_control_policy_name` (tnFhsTrustCtrlPolName) - (string) Name.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
