---
# Documentation generated by "gen/generator.go"; DO NOT EDIT.
# In order to regenerate this file execute `go generate` from the repository root.
# More details can be found in the [README](https://github.com/CiscoDevNet/terraform-provider-aci/blob/master/README.md).
subcategory: "Application Management"
layout: "aci"
page_title: "ACI: aci_relation_to_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-aci-data-source-aci_relation_to_domain"
description: |-
  Data source for Relation To Domain
---

# aci_relation_to_domain #

Data source for Relation To Domain

## API Information ##

* Class: [fvRsDomAtt](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvRsDomAtt/overview)

* Supported in ACI versions: 1.0(1e) and later.

* Distinguished Name Format: `uni/tn-{name}/ap-{name}/epg-{name}/rsdomAtt-[{tDn}]`

## GUI Information ##

* Location: `Tenants -> Application Profiles -> Application EPGs -> Domains (VMs and Bare-Metals)`

## Example Usage ##

```hcl

data "aci_relation_to_domain" "example_application_epg" {
  parent_dn = aci_application_epg.example.id
  target_dn = "uni/vmmp-VMware/dom-domain_2"
}

```

## Schema ##

### Required ###

* `parent_dn` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the parent object, possible resources:
  - [aci_application_epg](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/CiscoDevNet/aci/latest/docs/resources/application_epg) ([fvAEPg](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/fvAEPg/overview))
* `target_dn` (tDn) - (string) The name of the Physical Domain Profile.

### Read-Only ###

* `id` - (string) The distinguished name (DN) of the Relation To Domain object.
* `annotation` (annotation) - (string) The annotation of the Relation To Domain object.
* `binding_type` (bindingType) - (string) Binding type for ports.
* `class_preference` (classPref) - (string) classPref.
* `custom_epg_name` (customEpgName) - (string) User-configured port-group display name.
* `delimiter` (delimiter) - (string) delimiter.
* `encapsulation` (encap) - (string) The port encapsulation.
* `encapsulation_mode` (encapMode) - (string) encapMode.
* `epg_cos` (epgCos) - (string) Represents Epg Cos for AVS.
* `epg_cos_pref` (epgCosPref) - (string) Represents parameter used to enable/disable Epg Cos Policy.
* `deployment_immediacy` (instrImedcy) - (string) Once policies are downloaded to the leaf software, deployment immediacy can specify when the policy is pushed into the hardware policy CAM.
* `ipam_dhcp_override` (ipamDhcpOverride) - (string) ipamDhcpOverride.
* `ipam_enabled` (ipamEnabled) - (string) ipamEnabled.
* `ipam_gateway` (ipamGateway) - (string) ipamGateway.
* `lag_policy_name` (lagPolicyName) - (string) LAG Policy Name.
* `netflow_direction` (netflowDir) - (string) Represents NetFlow monitoring direction.
* `enable_netflow` (netflowPref) - (string) Represents parameter used to enable/disable Netflow Policy.
* `number_of_ports` (numPorts) - (string) Number of ports for binding type.
* `port_allocation` (portAllocation) - (string) Port allocation for ports.
* `primary_encapsulation` (primaryEncap) - (string) Represents the primary encap when the EPG is isolated.
* `primary_encapsulation_inner` (primaryEncapInner) - (string) primaryEncapInner.
* `resolution_immediacy` (resImedcy) - (string) Specifies if policies are to be resolved immmediately or when needed.
* `secondary_encapsulation_inner` (secondaryEncapInner) - (string) secondaryEncapInner.
* `switching_mode` (switchingMode) - (string) switchingMode.
* `untagged` (untagged) - (string) untagged.
* `vnet_only` (vnetOnly) - (string) vnetOnly.

* `annotations` - (list) A list of Annotations (ACI object [tagAnnotation](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagAnnotation/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.

* `tags` - (list) A list of Tags (ACI object [tagTag](https://pubhub.devnetcloud.com/media/model-doc-latest/docs/app/index.html#/objects/tagTag/overview)). This attribute is supported in ACI versions: 3.2(1l) and later.
  * `key` (key) - (string) The key used to uniquely identify this configuration object.
  * `value` (value) - (string) The value of the property.
